c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Start.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Start.g.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Start.xaml
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Start.xbf
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Start.xbf
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.xr.xml
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.exe
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.pdb
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Farben.exe
C:\Users\Christian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Farben.pdb
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.xr.xml
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.exe
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.pdb
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Windows.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Farben.exe
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Farben.pdb
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
C:\Users\christian.adler\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.xr.xml
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.exe
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.pdb
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
I:\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Windows.build.appxrecipe
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Farben.exe
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Farben.pdb
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
I:\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.xr.xml
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.exe
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\Farben.pdb
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Windows.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Farben.exe
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\Farben.pdb
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Christian\Desktop\App\App\App.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
